## Database Configurations
#### [back](../README.MD)

### To allow sync works on your app, you need some changes on all the tables in database
* Add `ID` column without primary key; the value will generated by function of time to prevent duplicate.
* Add `PartID` column; value points for center.
* Add `DeviceID` column; value points for pc in center.
* Add `ExtraSyncID` column; this is extra value and support the `ID` that hold 19-digit only by add more digits to prevent duplicate. --NOT-USED

#### ID Column
`ID` will got a value that generated by function of time for particular process and its `long` as C# or `bigint` as SQL. The `long` can only hold 19-digits, so the representation will be `yyMMddHHmmssfffffff` of datetime this representation found in a const variable in `Azad.SyncApp.Core.Constance.SyncingConstances.IDFormatV3`.

#### PartID Column
`PartID` this column represents a particular center of all bussness centers.

#### DeviceID Column
`DeviceID` this column represents a particular PC of all center PCs.

#### Note
In `PartID` and `DeviceID` you need always to assign a new value for each copy for center, I recommended to set this value in settings, the first time that system starts check this value if it's 0 or defualt or null you must assign it manually or by any  mechanizm that you like.
_**Now Zync app will use `DeviceID` only to fetch data from server, and every device do not fetch things that have same DeviceID, so make sure the id used by ONLY ONE devcie**_.

